---
layout: subject
course: miau
code: A00
title: Funtamentals
description: Basic principles on digital tools and elaboration of personalized professional workflows
thumbnail: https://farm5.staticflickr.com/4809/32053702657_af4976ba37_b.jpg
author: miauhaus
language: en
date: 2018-10-01 00:00
---
## a.00 Fundamentals
Number of Sessions/Duration 12 (30 hours)

### Seminar’s description:
Exploration of several operational workflows for realization, research and presentation of projects. Learning of the optimal practical cross between platforms, instruments and tools.
1.- Offer resources for the generation of documents of support, ideation and exhibition. Creation of a sequenced global vision.
2.- Know the potential of each platform at each task, as well as to establish its comparison and selection
appropriate to the purpose of each flow, which proposes the search for a specific objective, or a drift
towards it
3.- Production of own personalized tools adapted to the development of each proposal. He
establishes a sequential evolution from the first practice to the last in such a way that each
is linked to the previous one in the drift of the development of the chosen project, which can be a real contest
that is taken as a pretext to develop the works.
4.-Manage practical knowledge by linking progressively extracted data as an exploration of the
decisions that are taken for the preparation of the project. Visualize and present the crossing of all
these variables.

### Professors:
Sergio Del Castillo Tello, Miauhaus Team

### Milestone:
Design a Global Strategy and a Map of Tools to achieve the final goal

### Bibliography:
John Maeda https://maedastudio.com/ 

